chore: Add CHANGELOG entry for 1.4.0 release (#370)
medic/cht-android: CHANGELOG.md

# Release notes

## 1.4.0

### Technical Improvements

* Fix app crashing due to missing empty constructor in OpenSettingsDialogFragment ([#366](...))

> * Upgrade Ruby version from 2.7 to 3.3 for fastlane in build and publish files for GH actions ([#369](...))

Reviewer: `...` URLs don't work (unless I'm missing something?)

Author: Updated.

> * Fix app crashing due to missing empty constructor in OpenSettingsDialogFragment ([#366](https://github.com/medic/cht-android/pull/366))
> * Upgrade Ruby version from 2.7 to 3.3 for fastlane in build and publish files for GH actions ([#369](https://github.com/medic/cht-android/pull/369))

Reviewer: It's a nicer experience to link to the issue rather than the PR...

```suggestion
* Fix app crashing due to missing empty constructor in OpenSettingsDialogFragment ([#338](https://github.com/medic/cht-android/issues/338))
* Upgrade Ruby version from 2.7 to 3.3 for fastlane in build and publish files for GH actions ([#368](https://github.com/medic/cht-android/issues/368))
```

Author: @garethbowen I've committed this one but the one in the `flavors` section has an issue in a private repository. Should I leave it as it is?

Reviewer: Yeah that one will be fine as is.

### Flavors

> * Add apk for Gandaki, Nepal ([#367](https://github.com/medic/cht-android/pull/334))

Reviewer: Numbers don't match.

Author: My mistake, Android Studio was hiding the link as `...`.
